Paul Newman is Butch Cassidy and the
Sundance Kid is Robert Redford Catherine
Ross is enter place dynamites ready
butch well that ought to do it
[Music]
thank you enough dynamite there but most
of this is true and all of it laces with
action you've never met a pair like
Butch and Sundance
[Music]
back in business boys and girls outlaws
with style in a class all their own you
know when I was a kid I always thought I
was gonna grow up to be here don't tell
me how to rob a bank I know how to rob a
bank and anything you ask of me I'll do
except one thing I won't watch your die
[Music]
you just keep thinking that's what
you're good at an incredible pair of
rugged adventurers creating a living
legend on two covenants but it's just
one guy don't you get sick of being
right all the time Big Bob trains looted
banks - Arriba
they got him up high you're so damn
smart you read it and one girl shared
their love and larceny and just like the
guy who speed up too big for his bed
nothing seems to fit those raindrops
what are you doing
stealing your woman so take her boy
you're a romantic bastard I'll give you
that mr. eh Harriman of the Union
Pacific but the top lawman in the West
on their trail
they're very good if he just pay me what
he spent him to make me stop robbing him
I'd stop robbing him they were outlaws
running out of time and out of space and
a changing world was closing in on them
from the American West to New York to
the dangerous new frontier of Bolivia
Olivia but he'll feel a lot better after
he's robbed a couple of banks
[Music]
I'll jump first and you jump for no I
said what's the matter with you
[Music]
you